<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="cover-page-information" outputclass="cover" xml:lang="en-us">
    <title>Cover page information</title>
    <body>
        <section id="this-version">
            <title>This version</title>
            <sl>
                <sli><xref keyref="this-html"/> (Authoritative)</sli>
                <sli><xref keyref="this-pdf"/></sli>
            </sl>
        </section>
        <section id="previous-version">
            <title>Previous version</title>
            <p>N/A</p>
            <!--Uncomment and use the following markup for subsequent stages of the committee note.-->
            <!--<sl><sli><xref keyref="previous-html"/> (Authoritative version) </sli><sli><xref keyref="previous-pdf"/></sli></sl>-->
        </section>
        <section id="latest-version">
            <title>Latest version</title>
            <sl>
                <sli>
                    <xref keyref="latest-html"/> (Authoritative)</sli>
                <sli><xref keyref="latest-pdf"/></sli>
            </sl>
        </section>
        <section id="technical-committee">
            <title>Technical Committee</title>
            <p><xref href="https://www.oasis-open.org/committees/dita/" format="html"
                    scope="external">OASIS Darwin Information Typing Architecture (DITA)
                TC</xref></p>
        </section>
        <section id="chair">
            <title>Chair</title>
            <p>Kristen James Eberlein (<xref format="mailto"
                    href="mailto:kris@eberleinconsulting.com" scope="external"
                    >kris@eberleinconsulting.com</xref>), <xref
                    href="http://eberleinconsulting.com/" format="html" scope="external">Eberlein
                    Consulting LLC</xref></p>
        </section>
        <section id="editors">
            <title>Editors</title>
            <sl>
                <sli>Zöe Lawson (<xref href="mailto:zoelawson17@hotmail.com" format="com"
                        scope="external">zoelawson17@hotmail.com</xref>), <xref
                        href="https://www.casenetllc.com/" format="html" scope="external">Casenet
                        LLC</xref></sli>
        <sli>Eliot Kimber (<xref href="mailto:eliot.kimber@servicenow.com"
            format="html" scope="external">eliot.kimber@servicenow.com</xref>), <xref
            href="https://www.servicenow.com" format="html"
            scope="external">ServiceNow, Inc.</xref></sli>
            </sl>
        </section>
        <section id="additional-artifacts">
            <title>Additional artifacts</title>
            <p>This document is part of a work product that also includes:</p>
            <ul>
                <li>ZIP file that contains the DITA source for this document. <xref
                        keyref="this-dita"/></li>
            </ul>
        </section>
        <section id="related-work">
            <title>Related work</title>
            <p> This document is related to:</p>
            <ul>
                <li><cite>Darwin Information Typing Architecture (DITA) Version 1.3 Errata
                    02</cite>. OASIS Approved Errata.<xref keyref="latest-errata-html"/></li>
                <li><cite>Darwin Information Typing Architecture (DITA) Version 1.3. Part 0:
                        Overview Plus Errata 02</cite>. OASIS Standard incorporating Approved
                    Errata. <xref keyref="latest-part-0-html"/>.</li>
                <li><cite>Darwin Information Typing Architecture (DITA) Part 1: Base Edition Plus
                        Errata 02</cite>. OASIS Standard incorporating Approved Errata. <xref
                        keyref="latest-part-1-html"/>. This edition contains topic and map; it is
                    designed for implementers and users who need only the most fundamental pieces of
                    the DITA framework.</li>
                <li><cite>Darwin Information Typing Architecture (DITA) Part 2: Technical Content
                        Edition Plus Errata 02</cite>. OASIS Standard incorporating Approved Errata.
                        <xref keyref="latest-part-2-html"/>. This edition contains the base
                    architecture plus the technical-content specializations; it is designed for
                    authors who use information typing and document complex applications and
                    devices.</li>
                <li><cite>Darwin Information Typing Architecture (DITA) Part 3: All-Inclusive
                        Edition Plus Errata 02</cite>. OASIS Standard incorporating Approved Errata.
                        <xref keyref="latest-part-3-html"/>. This edition contains the base
                    architecture, technical content, and the learning and training specializations.
                    It is designed for implementers who want all OASIS-approved specializations, as
                    well as users who develop learning and training materials.</li>
            </ul>
        </section>
        <section id="abstract">
            <title>Abstract</title>
            <p>Describes the considerations and processes for migrating DITA 1.x documents, tools,
        and processes to use DITA 2.0.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="status">
            <title>Status</title>
      <p>This is a Non-Standards Track Work Product. The patent provisions
        of the OASIS IPR Policy do not apply.</p>
      <p>This document was last revised or approved by the OASIS Darwin
        Information Typing Architecture (DITA) TC on the above date. The
        level of approval is also listed above. Check the "Latest stage"
        location noted above for possible later revisions of this document.
        Any other numbered versions and other technical work produced by
        the Technical Committee (TC) are listed at <xref
          keyref="oasis-dita-tc-homepage"
          >https://www.oasis-open.org/committees/tc_home.php?wg_abbrev=dita#technical</xref></p>
            <p>TC members should send comments on this document to the TC’s email list. Others
                should send comments to the TC’s public comment list, after subscribing to it by
                following the instructions at the “Send A Comment” button on the TC’s web page at
                    <xref keyref="tc-comment"/>.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="citation-format">
            <title>Citation format</title>
            <p>When referencing this note, the following citation format should be used:</p>
            <dl>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>[Migrating-DITA2.0-v1.0]</dt>
                    <dd><cite>Migrating to DITA 2.0</cite> Version 1.0. Edited by Zoe Lawson and
            Eliot Kimber. <keyword keyref="stage-date"/>. <keyword keyref="stage"/>. <xref
            keyref="this-html"/>. Latest version: <xref keyref="latest-html"/>.</dd>
                </dlentry>
            </dl>
        </section>
    <section id="notices">
      <title>Notices</title>
      <p>Copyright © OASIS Open 2022. All Rights Reserved.</p>
      <p>Distributed under the terms of the OASIS IPR Policy, [<xref
          keyref="oasis-ipr"
          >https://www.oasis-open.org/policies-guidelines/ipr</xref>]. For
        complete copyright information, please see the Notices
        appendix.</p>
    </section>
    </body>
</topic>
