<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="types_of_troubleshooting_information">
    <title>Types of DITA  troubleshooting information</title>
    <shortdesc>This committee note covers the following types of DITA
    troubleshooting information.</shortdesc>
    <body>
        <dl>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>Embedded troubleshooting information</dt>
        <dd>Embedded troubleshooting information appears within tasks or
          descriptions. It is brief. Despite its reduced size, embedded
          troubleshooting also follows the condition, cause, remedy
          pattern. Often, the condition or cause is implied by the
          information that surrounds it. Remedies are usually conveyed with
          a single sentence.</dd>
      </dlentry>
            <dlentry>
                <dt>Simple troubleshooting topic with a single cause</dt>
                <dd>A simple troubleshooting topic typically includes a
          condition or symptom, an optional cause, and a remedy.</dd>
            </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>Simple troubleshooting topic with multiple causes</dt>
        <dd>In some cases, there might be more than one possible cause for
          a condition or a symptom. When this happens, each cause can be
          presented along with its associated remedy. These cause-remedy
          pairs serve as successive fixes users can apply to eliminate an
          undesirable condition.</dd>
      </dlentry>
            <dlentry>
                <dt>Complex troubleshooting information</dt>
                <dd>
          <draft-comment author="Kristen J Eberlein"
            time="02 September 2021">What do we want to say
            here?</draft-comment>
        </dd>
            </dlentry>
        </dl>
    </body>
</topic>
