<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="changed_elements_0">
    <title>Changed elements</title>
    <shortdesc>A number of elements from DITA 1.x are changed in some way.</shortdesc>
    <refbody>
    <section id="section_iwd_b4n_h5b">
      <title>Topic <xmlelement>prolog</xmlelement> and map <xmlelement>topicmeta</xmlelement> use
        <xmlelement>titlealt</xmlelement></title>
      <p>The <xmlelement>prolog</xmlelement> element now allows zero or more
        <xmlelement>titlealt</xmlelement> elements, the new specialization base for
        <xmlelement>navtitle</xmlelement>, <xmlelement>searchtitle</xmlelement>, and
        <xmlelement>subtitle</xmlelement>. You can use <xmlelement>titlealt</xmlelement> as the
        specialization base for additional alternative titles.</p>
      <p>The <xmlelement>topicmeta</xmlelement> element now also allows zero or more
        <xmlelement>titlealt</xmlelement> elements in place of the removed
        <xmlelement>titlealts</xmlelement> element. The new <xmlelement>keytext</xmlelement> element
        may occur before <xmlelement>titlealt</xmlelement> in
        <xmlelement>topicmeta</xmlelement>.</p>
    </section>
        <section>
            <title><xmlelement>shortdesc</xmlelement>, <xmlelement>linktext</xmlelement>, and
        <xmlelement>searchtitle</xmlelement></title>
            <p>These elements now have the same declarations for use in maps and topics.</p>
        </section>
        <section>
            <title><xmlelement>hazardstatement</xmlelement> redesigned</title>
      <ul id="ul_l1z_csn_h5b">
        <li>The <xmlatt>type</xmlatt> attribute values now limited to "caution", "danger", "notice",
          and "warning" per ANSI Z535.</li>
        <li>The <xmlelement>hazardsymbol</xmlelement> element is now a subelement of
          <xmlelement>messagepanel</xmlelement></li>
        <li>Within <xmlelement>messagepanel</xmlelement> the <xmlelement>howtoavoid</xmlelement> and
          <xmlelement>consequence</xmlelement> elements may be paired in either order.</li>
        <li>The <xmlelement>typeofhazard</xmlelement> element can include
          <xmlelement>hazardsymbol</xmlelement>.</li>
        <li>The <xmlelement>messagepanel</xmlelement>, <xmlelement>typeofhazard</xmlelement>,
          <xmlelement>consequence</xmlelement>, and <xmlelement>howtoavoid</xmlelement> elements
          specialize from <xmlelement>div</xmlelement> instead of <xmlelement>ul</xmlelement> and
          <xmlelement>li</xmlelement>.</li>
      </ul>
        </section>
    <section id="section_rn5_vrn_h5b">
      <title>Highlight domain elements allow <xmlatt>keyref</xmlatt></title>
      <p>The highlight domain elements, which all specialize from <xmlelement>ph</xmlelement> now
        allow <xmlatt>keyref</xmlatt>.</p>
    </section>
    <section id="section_o1c_nln_h5b">
      <title><xmlelement>longquote</xmlelement> only allows <xmlatt>keyref</xmlatt></title>
      <p>The <xmlelement>longquote</xmlelement> element now only allows <xmlatt>keyref</xmlatt>,
        removing the other linking-related attributes, making <xmlelement>longquote</xmlelement>
        consistent with <xmlelement>keyword</xmlelement> and other elements that are links only when
        they specify <xmlatt>keyref</xmlatt>.</p>
    </section>
        <section>
            <title>indexing</title>
            <ul>
                <li>The elements <xmlelement>add index-see</xmlelement> and
          <xmlelement>index-see-also</xmlelement> from the DITA 1.x indexing domain are now base
          elements.</li>
                <li>Remove &lt;index-base></li>
                <li>Remove &lt;index-sort-as></li>
            </ul>
        </section>
        <section>
            <title><xmlelement>imagemap</xmlelement></title>
            <p>The <xmlelement>imagemap</xmlelement> element is specialized from
        <xmlelement>div</xmlelement> rather than <xmlelement>fig</xmlelement>, allowing it to be
        included within <xmlelement>fig</xmlelement>. The <xmlelement>area</xmlelement> element is
        also specialized from <xmlelement>div</xmlelement> rather than
        <xmlelement>figgroup</xmlelement>.</p>
        </section>
        <section>
            <title><xmlelement>simpletable</xmlelement> updates</title>
      <ul id="ul_f31_5vn_h5b">
        <li>
          <p>The <xmlatt>colspan</xmlatt>, <xmlatt>rowspan</xmlatt>, <xmlatt>headers</xmlatt>,
            <xmlatt>scope</xmlatt> attributes are added.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p>The <xmlelement>simpletable</xmlelement> element now allows
            <xmlelement>title</xmlelement>.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p>The <xmlatt>specentry</xmlatt> attribute is removed from
            <xmlelement>stentry</xmlelement>.</p>
        </li>
      </ul>
        </section>
        <section>
            <title><xmlelement>example</xmlelement> in more places</title>
            <p>Example may occur most places where block elements (i.e., <xmlelement>p</xmlelement>)
        may occur. Because <xmlelement>example</xmlelement> can also occur wherever
        <xmlelement>section</xmlelement> can occur, it may be necessary to put
        <xmlelement>example</xmlelement> within <xmlelement>p</xmlelement> or
        <xmlelement>fig</xmlelement> within <xmlelement>conbody</xmlelement>, which only allows
        <xmlelement>section</xmlelement> and <xmlelement>example</xmlelement> after the first
        <xmlelement>section</xmlelement> or <xmlelement>example</xmlelement>.</p>
        </section>
        <section>
            <title><xmlelement>bookmap</xmlelement> updates</title>
            <ul>
                <li>Modify the content model of <xmlelement>bookmap</xmlelement> to allow zero or
                    more <xmlelement>ditavalref</xmlelement> elements after
                        <xmlelement>bookmeta</xmlelement></li>
                <li>Add a <xmlelement>mapresources</xmlelement> element to the map group domain. The
                        <xmlelement>mapresources</xmlelement> element will:<ul>
                        <li>Be specialized from <xmlelement>topicref</xmlelement></li>
                        <li>Have a content model of:<ul>
                                <li>Zero or one <xmlelement>topicmeta</xmlelement> elements</li>
                                <li>Zero or more
                                        <parameterentity>data.elements.incl</parameterentity>
                                    elements</li>
                                <li>Zero or more <xmlelement>topicref</xmlelement> elements</li>
                            </ul></li>
                        <li>Have the following attributes: <xmlatt>href</xmlatt>,
                                <xmlatt>keys</xmlatt>, <xmlatt>keyref</xmlatt>,
                                <xmlatt>keyscope</xmlatt>, <xmlatt>processing-role</xmlatt>,
                                <xmlatt>type</xmlatt>, <xmlatt>cascade</xmlatt>,
                                <xmlatt>scope</xmlatt>, <xmlatt>format</xmlatt>,
                                <xmlatt>linking</xmlatt>, <xmlatt>toc</xmlatt>,
                                <xmlatt>search</xmlatt>, and
                                <parameterentity>univ-atts</parameterentity> attributes</li>
                        <li>The attributes should have the same values as the corresponding
                            attributes in <xmlelement>keydef</xmlelement>, with the following
                            exception: the <xmlatt>keys</xmlatt> attribute is not required.</li>
                    </ul></li>
                <li>Modify the content model of <xmlelement>bookmap</xmlelement> to allow zero or
                    more <xmlelement>mapresources</xmlelement> elements after
                        <xmlelement>ditavalref</xmlelement></li>
                <li>Modify the content model of <xmlelement>booklists</xmlelement> to allow zero or
                    more <xmlelement>amendments</xmlelement></li>
            </ul>
        </section>
        <section>
            <title>Add <xmlelement>sub</xmlelement> and <xmlelement>sup</xmlelement> to glossary
                elements</title>
            <p/>
        </section>
        <section>
            <title>Ability to nest steps</title>
            <p>The <xmlelement>steps</xmlelement> element is now allowed within
        <xmlelement>step</xmlelement>, allowing nested steps without the need for a separate
        <xmlelement>substeps</xmlelement> element. The <xmlelement>substeps</xmlelement> and
        <xmlelement>substep</xmlelement> elements have been removed.</p>
        </section>
    <section id="section_h4g_xqn_h5b">
      <title><xmlelement>resourceid</xmlelement> takes over for <xmlatt>copy-to</xmlatt></title>
      <p>The <xmlatt>copy-to</xmlatt> attribute is removed. To get the effect of
        <xmlatt>copy-to</xmlatt> as a way to influence the deliverable anchors associated with a
        topic in a given use context, use the new <xmlatt>appid-role</xmlatt> attribute on
        <xmlelement>resourceid</xmlelement> with the value of "deliverable-anchor" to create an
        application-specific resource ID that contributes to the deliverable anchor constructed by
        the associated processor. See [xref to topic on migrating <xmlatt>copy-to</xmlatt> to
        <xmlelement>resourceid</xmlelement>].</p>
    </section>
    <section id="section_nkm_k5n_h5b">
      <title><xmlatt>spectitle</xmlatt> removed from <xmlelement>dl</xmlelement>,
        <xmlelement>fig</xmlelement>, <xmlelement>lines</xmlelement>, <xmlelement>note</xmlelement>,
        <xmlelement>pre</xmlelement>, <xmlelement>sl</xmlelement>, <xmlelement>ul</xmlelement>,
        <xmlelement>ol</xmlelement></title>
      <p>The <xmlatt>spectitle</xmlatt> attribute has been removed. To generate titles for these
        elements, use <xmlatt>outputclass</xmlatt> or declare specializations that get generated
        titles based on their specialized element types.</p>
    </section>
    <section id="section_wvb_cvn_h5b">
      <title>Attributes removed from <xmlelement>object</xmlelement> and
        <xmlelement>param</xmlelement></title>
      <p>The following attributes are removed from <xmlelement>object</xmlelement>:
        <xmlatt>declare</xmlatt>, <xmlatt>classid</xmlatt>, <xmlatt>classidkeyref</xmlatt>,
        <xmlatt>codebase</xmlatt>, <xmlatt>codebasekeyref</xmlatt>, <xmlatt>archive</xmlatt>,
        <xmlatt>archivekeyrefs</xmlatt>, <xmlatt>standby</xmlatt>.</p>
      <p>The <xmlatt>type</xmlatt> and <xmlatt>valuetype</xmlatt> attributes are removed from
        <xmlelement>param</xmlelement>.</p>
    </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>
