<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="features_removed_from_dita_2_0">
    <title>Features removed from DITA 2.0</title>
    <shortdesc>DITA 2.0 is as much about removing cruft and little-used features as it is about
    adding new things and it is these removals that require the most attention when migrating
    content from DITA 1.x to 2.0.</shortdesc>
    <refbody>
    <section id="section_vc3_mcn_h5b">
      <title>Overview of removed features</title>
      <p>DITA 2.0 removes all elements and attributes that were marked as deprecated in DITA
        1.x.</p>
      <p>DITA 2.0 removes elements and attributes that had little or no adoption.</p>
      <p>If you use any removed element or attribute and you have content and processing that
        depends on it you can develop your own specializations to make that  markup available in
        your environment.</p>
    </section>
        <section>
            <title>Removed elements</title>
            <p>The following elements have been removed:<ul id="ul_gl5_wcn_h5b">
        <li><xmlelement>topicset</xmlelement> and <xmlelement>topicsetref</xmlelement></li>
        <li><xmlelement>anchor</xmlelement> and <xmlelement>anchorref</xmlelement></li>
        <li><xmlelement>longquoteref</xmlelement></li>
        </ul></p>
        </section>
    <section id="section_wh2_hdn_h5b">
      <title>Changed markup reflecting removed features</title>
      <p>The following elements and attributes were changed from DITA 1.x.<ul id="ul_ohb_jdn_h5b">
        <li>The <xmlelement>substeps</xmlelement> and <xmlelement>substep</xmlelement> are removed.
          The <xmlelement>steps</xmlelement> element may now nest within
          <xmlelement>step</xmlelement>.</li>
        <li>The <xmlatt>copy-to</xmlatt> attribute is removed and replaced by new features of the
          <xmlelement>resourceid</xmlelement> element.</li>
        <li>The classification domain is removed. The new attribute <xmlatt>subjectrefs</xmlatt> for
          <xmlelement>topicref</xmlelement> and <xmlelement>map</xmlelement> provides for
          associating maps and map branches with subject scheme subjects.</li>
        <li>The indexing domain elements are promoted to base elements, with
          <xmlelement>index-base</xmlelement> and <xmlelement>index-sort-as</xmlelement> removed.
          The <xmlelement>sort-as</xmlelement> element from the utilities domain can now be used
          within <xmlelement>indexterm</xmlelement> (because <xmlelement>sort-as</xmlelement> is a
          speciallization of <xmlelement>data</xmlelement> and <xmlelement>data</xmlelement> is
          allowed within <xmlelement>indexterm</xmlelement>).</li>
        <li><xmlelement>linktext</xmlelement> is replaced by the new
          <xmlelement>keytext</xmlelement> base element.</li>
        <li>The <xmlatt>domains</xmlatt> attribute is replaced by the
          <xmlatt>specializations</xmlatt> attribute. The <xmlatt>specializations</xmlatt> attribute
          declares attribute specializations. Element specializations are no longer declared within
          document instance markup.</li>
        <li>The <xmlatt>outputclass</xmlatt> attribute is now a "universal" attribute, making it
          available on almost every element.</li>
        </ul></p>
    </section>
        <section>
            <title>Removed deprecated features</title>
      <p>The following elements and attributes were marked as deprecated in DITA 1.x and have been
        removed from DITA 2.0. Most of these changes reflect the removal of attributes that held
        text that should be in subelements to better support localization.</p>
            <ul>
                <li><xmlelement>boolean</xmlelement></li>
        <li><xmlelement>data-about</xmlelement></li>
                <li><xmlelement>indextermref</xmlelement></li>
        <li><xmlelement>itemgroup</xmlelement></li>
                <li><xmlatt>alt</xmlatt> and <xmlatt>longdescref</xmlatt> on
                        <xmlelement>image</xmlelement></li>
                <li><xmlatt>collection-type</xmlatt>="tree" from <xmlelement>linkpool</xmlelement>
                    and <xmlelement>linklist</xmlelement></li>
                <li><xmlatt>collection-type</xmlatt> from <xmlelement>reltable</xmlelement> and
                        <xmlelement>relcolspec</xmlelement></li>
                <li><xmlatt>keyref</xmlatt> on <xmlelement>navref</xmlelement></li>
                <li><xmlatt>locktitle</xmlatt> on <xmlelement>topichead</xmlelement> and
                        <xmlelement>topicgroup</xmlelement></li>
        <li><xmlatt>mapkeyref</xmlatt> on <xmlelement>metadata</xmlelement></li>
                <li><xmlatt>navtitle</xmlatt></li>
                <li><xmlatt>print</xmlatt></li>
                <li><xmlatt>query</xmlatt></li>
                <li><xmlatt>refcols</xmlatt></li>
                <li><xmlatt>role</xmlatt>="sample" and <xmlatt>role</xmlatt>="external"</li>
                <li><xmlatt>title</xmlatt> on <xmlelement>map</xmlelement></li>
                <li><xmlatt>type</xmlatt>="internal" and <xmlatt>type</xmlatt>="external" on
                        <xmlelement>lq</xmlelement></li>
                <li><xmlatt>xtrf</xmlatt> and <xmlatt>xtrc</xmlatt></li>
                <li>Delay conref domain</li>
                <li><xmlatt>domains</xmlatt></li>
                <li><xmlatt>lockmeta</xmlatt></li>
                <li>Machinery task domain</li>
            </ul>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>
