<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="introduction">
    <title>Introduction</title>
    <shortdesc>Overview of this guide.</shortdesc>
    <body>
        <p>Welcome to the fun world of migrating to DITA 2.0!</p>
        <p>Still the same DITA you know and love, but now new and improved! </p>
        <p>You want to take advantage of all these great new features, however DITA 2.0 is the first
            release that is not backwards compatible. You will need to migrate your existing source
            to be valid with the DITA 2.0 schema.</p>
        <draft-comment author="Zoe">Should this be divided by spec type? base vs technical content?
      or do we have one pass for all the things, with stuff broken out by spec?<p>WEK: I think
      covering everything as one unit is appropriate because that's the way DITA 1.x is
      organized.</p></draft-comment>
        <p>This document is divided into sections:</p>
        <dl>
            <dlentry>
                <dt>Migrating your DITA source</dt>
                <dd>What you need to do to make your DITA 1.x documents into conforming DITA 2.0
          documents.</dd>
            </dlentry>
            <dlentry>
                <dt>Migrating your DITA transforms</dt>
                <dd>What you need to do to make your DITA 1.x-handling transformations also handle
          DITA 2.0 documents.</dd>
            </dlentry>
            <dlentry>
                <dt>Migrating your DITA specializations and constraints</dt>
                <dd>What you need to do to make your DITA 1.x specializations and constraints into
          DITA 2.0 specializations and constraints.</dd>
            </dlentry>
            <dlentry>
                <dt>Migrating DITA tools</dt>
                <dd>Migration considerations for other DITA-aware tools, such as editors and
          component content management systems.</dd>
            </dlentry>
        </dl>
    </body>
</topic>
