<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="planning_your_source_migration">
    <title>Planning your source migration</title>
    <shortdesc>To plan your source migration you first need to determine what needs to change and
    determine what it will take to do the changing.</shortdesc>
    <conbody>
        <p>To plan your migration you must answer the following questions:<ul id="ul_sbf_pnd_n5b">
      <li>Is all the content being migrated?<p>If your DITA environment allows DITA 1.x and 2.0
        content to be processed together it may not be necessary to migrate all your content in
        order to start using some DITA 2.0 features. For example, it might make sense to only
        migrate maps so that you can take advantage of the new <xmlatt>chunk</xmlatt> and
        <xmlelement>resourceid</xmlelement> features while leaving topics unmodified.</p><p>On the
        other hand, migration to DITA 2.0 is usually easy enough that there's little reason not to
        migrate everything in one go.</p></li>
      <li>How consistent is your content?<p>The more consistent your content is the easier it will
        be to migrate it cleanly and reliably. You can use tools like the open-source BaseX XQuery
        database or OxygenXML's global search to inspect your content for elements and attributes
        that require migration.</p></li>
      <li>How much content do you have?<p>The sheer volume of content shouldn't affect the time
        required to perform the migration because modern tools can make changes to even tens of
        thousands of topics quite quickly.</p><p>A more important consideration is the time required
        to verify that the result of the migration is correct. This verification can be automated in
        several ways, including using differencing tools to inspect the changes made but for
        production content almost certainly human inspection of both the source and key deliverables
        generated from it will be required. Human inspection is always time consuming, so plan for
        this effort.</p></li>
      <li>How is your content managed?<p>If you are managing your content in a source control system
        like git you can use normal source control features to manage the migrated content separate
        from your production content, for example by creating a git branch to hold migrated content
        while you implement and verify you migration process and results.</p><p>If you are managing
        your content in a CCMS it may be necessary to export your DITA 1.x content in order to
        implement and test your migration before committing the result back to the CCMS. Or your
        CCMS may offer content migration features.</p></li>
      <li>Is tool migration required?<p>If you are using the latest versions of Open Toolkit and
        your DITA-aware editor then it is likely that no additional effort is required but if you
        are currently using older versions of tools that predate DITA 2.0 you may need to migrate
        those tools before your DITA 2.0 content can be edited, managed, or published.</p></li>
      <li>What DITA 2.0 training do authors require?<p>While DITA 2.0 is not too different from DITA
        1.x there are differences that will affect authors. You should plan for developing and
        delivering any new or changed author training required by the migration to DITA
        2.0.</p></li>
      </ul></p>
    <p>For many organizations migrating from DITA 1.x to 2.0 the migration of the content itself
      will often be the easiest part. Coordinating the migration in the context of ongoing
      development and publishing processes, as well as providing appropriate author support will
      often be the greatest challenge in a migration effort.</p>
    </conbody>
</concept>
