<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="targeted-information">
    <title>Providing targeted information for readers experiencing a problem</title>
    <shortdesc>Robust troubleshooting information is targeted to users experiencing
        problems.</shortdesc>
    <body>
        <p>Information developers recognize that many users seek information only when they
            experience a problem. First, users become aware of the problem, often because they
            receive an error message or an outcome that they expected fails to occur (for example,
                <q>the machine should turn on but does not</q>). Second, users articulate or define
            the problem, putting it into words (for example, <q>I cannot get this font to change
                size</q>). At this point, the users begin to search for content that might help them
            solve the problem.</p>
        <p>At this stage, the users might be reading the manual, searching for relevant information.
            However, most manuals <q>pose formidable obstacles to finding problem-solving
                information.</q><fn><q>Does the Manual Help? An Examination of the Problem-Solving
                    Support Offered by Manuals,</q>
                <cite>IEEE Transactions on Professional Communication,</cite> Vol. 39, No. 3,
                September 1996.</fn>
        </p>
        <p>Troubleshooting information that is minimalistic, well-structured, and explicitly
            targeted to the users experiencing problems can overcome the obstacles posed by
            traditional manuals.</p>
    </body>
</topic>
