<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="what-is-in-it">
 <title>What is in it?</title>
 <shortdesc>The all-inclusive edition contains the learning and training document types, in addition
    to those from the technical content edition.</shortdesc>
 <conbody>
  <section>
   <title>Topics</title>
   <p>The all-inclusive edition includes these learning and training topic types:</p>
   <dl>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>Learning assessment</dt>
          <dd>A specialized topic that presents assessment items to measure progress, encourage
            retrieval, and stimulate reinforcement of the learning content. Although it includes
            structure for objectives, duration, interaction and summary, the primary use is to <ph
              rev="review-1">contain</ph> interactions. The <ph rev="review-1">OASIS-defined</ph>
            interaction types are: True/False, single select, multiple select, sequencing, matching,
            hotspot and open question (essay). When sequenced in a learning map, such material can
            be organized into quizzes, tests or exams and presented before the content as a
            pre-assessment or after the content as a post-assessment checkpoint or test.<note
              rev="review-1">Any DITA topic type can be configured to include assessment items. This
              makes it possible to include quiz items directly in a learning content topic or in a
              prerequisite section of a task topic, for example.</note></dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>Learning base</dt>
          <dd>A topic that provides the set of common elements that are used in the other learning
            topic types. This topic also provides a base for creating additional specialized topics
            for learning content. For example, a DITA practitioner can specialize learning base to
            create a structure for exercises.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>Learning content</dt>
          <dd>A specialized topic that provides learning content and includes structure for
            introduction, challenge, instruction, objectives, and duration. A learning content topic
            also can directly reuse content from other <ph rev="review-1">content</ph> (including
            task, concept, and reference topics) that supports the objectives declared in the
            learning overview.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>Learning overview</dt>
          <dd>A specialized topic that introduces a set of learning content and identifies the
            learning objectives and other information that might be helpful to the learner, such as
            prerequisites, duration, intended audience, and useful resources.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>Learning plan</dt>
          <dd>A specialized topic that describes learning needs and goals, instructional design
            models, task analyses, learning taxonomies, and other information that might be useful
            in the lesson planning process.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>Learning summary</dt>
          <dd>A specialized topic that recaps content and provides context, guidance, and additional
            resources to reinforce learning and long-term memory. Specifically, it includes
            structure for summary, objectives, review, next steps, and useful resources.</dd>
        </dlentry>
   </dl>
  </section>
  <section>
   <title>Maps</title>
   <p>The all-inclusive edition includes these learning and training maps:</p>
   <dl>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>Learning book map</dt>
          <dd>A specialized book map that includes specialized topic references to organize and
            sequence learning content for book-oriented publications. It extends the book structure
            provided in the technical-content book map to include learning metadata in the book map
            metadata, references to learning object and learning groups, and references to learning
            object and learning group maps. </dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>Learning group map</dt>
          <dd>A specialized map that stores a discrete set of related learning objects as a separate
            object. You can reference learning group maps from other learning group maps, learning
            maps, or learning book maps. </dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>Learning object map</dt>
          <dd>A specialized map that stores a discrete set of learning content to support learning
            objectives as separate objects. You can reference learning object maps from learning
            group maps, learning maps, or learning book maps. </dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>Learning map</dt>
          <dd>A specialized map that includes specialized topic references to organize and sequence
            content as learning objects and learning groups for non-book-oriented learning delivery.
            It extends the map structure provided in the technical-content map to include learning
            metadata in the map metadata, references to learning object and learning groups, and
            references to learning object and learning group maps. </dd>
        </dlentry>
   </dl>
  </section>
    <section>
      <title>Learning metadata</title>
      <p>The all-inclusive edition also includes specialized DITA metadata that can be used to
        specify characteristics of the learning content. This learning metadata is modeled on
        industry standards; it is available for use in both the learning topics and learning
        maps.</p>
    </section>
 </conbody>
</concept>
