<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="what-is-in-it">
 <title>What is in it?</title>
 <shortdesc>The technical content edition contains the following document types, in addition to
    those from the base edition.</shortdesc>
 <conbody>
    <section>
      <title>Topics</title>
      <p>The technical content edition includes these technical-content topic types:</p>
      <dl>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>Composite</dt>
          <dd>The composite topic (sometimes called ditabase) can contain other topic types. In the
            out-of-the-box OASIS distribution, it can contain topic, task, concept, <ph
              rev="review-1">reference, troubleshooting,</ph> glossentry, and glossgroup. These
            topics can be in any sequence.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>Concept</dt>
          <dd>A specialized topic that provides conceptual information. Conceptual information
            provides the background knowledge that enables readers to understand why they might need
            to perform a particular task or use a particular product. It might include extended
            definitions or explanations.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <!--<dlentry><dt>General task</dt><dd>A specialized topic that provides instructions on how to perform an action. It has a looser content model than the task topic type, and it can be useful for migrating legacy content to DITA.</dd></dlentry>-->
        <dlentry>
          <dt>Glossary entry</dt>
          <dd>A specialized topic that defines a term. It also can identify the part of speech and
            provide information about usage, acronyms, abbreviations, variant terms, synonyms, and
            associated symbols or graphics.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>Glossary group</dt>
          <dd>A specialized topic that can contain multiple glossary entry topics.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>Machine industry task</dt>
          <dd>A specialized topic that can be used to document tasks that involve machines or
            hardware. It can contain additional information about required personnel, safety
            conditions, support equipment, necessary supplies, and spare parts.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>Reference</dt>
          <dd>A specialized topic that provides facts that support a task, such as <ph
              rev="review-1">hardware specifications, required equipment, </ph>programming syntax,
            command-line interface parameters, or other information that might need to be accessed
            infrequently as a person performs a
            task.<!-- Such facts are organized for quick retrieval.--></dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>Task <ph rev="review-1">and General task</ph></dt>
          <dd><ph rev="review-1">The (strict) task</ph> is a specialized topic that provides
            step-by-step instruction about how to perform an action, plus brief information about
            when, where, why, <ph rev="review-1">and by whom</ph> the action is performed.</dd>
          <dd rev="review-1">The general task has a looser content model than the task topic type,
            and it can be useful for migrating legacy content to DITA.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry rev="review-1">
          <dt>Topic</dt>
          <dd>The document type that is the basic unit of authoring and reuse. In addition to the
            domains that are included in the base topic, this document type also includes domains
            that are useful for technical content.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>Troubleshooting</dt>
          <dd>A specialized topic that provides <ph rev="review-1">corrective action information
              such as troubleshooting and alarm clearing</ph>.</dd>
        </dlentry>
      </dl>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Maps</title>
      <p>The technical content edition includes these technical-content map types:</p>
      <dl>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>Book map</dt>
          <dd>A specialized map that can be used to produce book-oriented publications. Book maps
            enable authors to organize content into front matter, prefaces, chapters, parts, back
            matter, and more. In addition, they also include a set of metadata elements that can
            capture information about the book.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>Classification map</dt>
          <dd>A specialized map that can be used to associate subjects defined in a subject scheme
            map with topics referenced in a DITA map.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry rev="review-1">
          <dt>Map</dt>
          <dd>The document type that organizes topics and other resources into structured
            collections of information. It specifies hierarchy and the relationships between the
            resources. In addition to the domains that are included in the base map, this document
            type also includes domains that are useful for technical content.</dd>
        </dlentry>
      </dl>
    </section>
 </conbody>
</concept>
